
Hello everyone.

In today's blog I will be sharing some of my thoughts on the identity map I created. I found making and creating my identity map very fun and enjoyable (you won't normally hear me say things like that about homework). I liked it because it was a creative task which involved colours and thinking about what you did in your life. 

Overall I liked being anonymous to the class about what I wrote because you could be honest about what you had to say - when people read my negative things I think they were offended slightly so they worked out it was me, and I couldn't shut them up until the next day. 

It felt like posting a comment anywhere else ( Instagram, facebook, twitter, snapchat, Google classroom etc) except you were writing it down on paper rather than on an iPhone or an iPad.

I personally liked the way we did it this time - being anonymous commenters. I liked it more this way, than talking directly to the person. This is because you could be a bit more honest about everything the person had done. If your friends identity map wasn't great they wouldn't want their friend rubbing it in their face. 
When I read through all my comments- some of them surprised me, but the vast majority of the comments were constructive feedback to me. The main surprises was the fact I had written 1 paragraph on my family and my background but still people said I needed more on my family.   

process of commenting in class was different to when you comment online is that:

You aren't looking just a 1 picture from 1 angle you can look at it from different angles.
The person cannot physically attack you.
Your comment is only overseen by the person you address it to - whereas on social media (unless you make a private comment) anyone can see your comment.

My identity map helped to create a sense of what I would like to post in the future because I know I wouldn't post my address my school my full name and my family. This is because people I don't know will see it - they could be bad people - whereas when i was in the classroom I trusted everyone to that extent. I know I will be posting less about my personal life.
No there are no other changes.


In the space of the six lessons i've had in ICT about social media my views on social media have changed hugely. 
Sometimes you forget how many people  are on social media and you think it's just your friends. I now know that i'm a very small dot on social media.
I also learned that there are bad people on the internet and social media so never give away personal details.


I now know for the future to only give out personal information the the people you totally trust and never to a stranger.

Thanks for reading.
